fix: cannot reference variables in DEFINE statement (#6573)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/variable-substitution.md

!!! note
    Variables are case-insensitive. A reference to `${replicas}` is the same as `${REPLICAS}`.

Escape substitution variables
-----------------------------

> If you want to escape a variable reference, so it is not substituted, then use double `$$` characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To escape a variable reference, so it isn't substituted, use double dollar-sign characters, `$$`. The following example shows how to escape a variable named `format`.
```

```
DEFINE format = 'AVRO';
SELECT '$${format}' FROM stream;
```

> The above query will become `SELECT '${format}' FROM stream`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ksqlDB converts the previous query to `SELECT '${format}' FROM stream`.
```
